docs: Guided exercise interactions via CLI (#945)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/4-my-own-chain/can-play.md

A player sends a `MsgPlayMove` when [making a move](./play-game.md). This message can succeed or fail for several reasons. One error situation is when the message represents an invalid move.

> Players should be able to make sure that a move is valid before burning gas. To add this functionality, you need to create a way for the player to call the [`Move`](https://github.com/batkinson/checkers-go/blob/a09daeb/checkers/checkers.go#L274) function without changing the game's state. You use a query because they are evaluated in memory and do not commit anything permanently to storage to achieve this.

Author: The "this" that is "achieved" is what is said in the previous sentence, in particular "without changing the game's state". After [moving it from the beginning of the sentence to its end](https://github.com/cosmos/sdk-tutorials/commit/0d92c160f34a7af6c028595dc77d19fe87fd6acc#diff-bc420a8829c2734eeae1aa8581254ba6dfb1fa8d6265e3964078df31fabc4a39R22), "this" is very far from what it represents and it is no longer clear what it points back at.

Reviewer: "to achieve this" now relocated to the beginning of the sentence to improve connection to subject concept: _...without changing the game's state. **You use a query to achieve this,** because..._

    }
    ```

6. If all went well:

    ```go [https://github.com/cosmos/b9-checkers-academy-draft/blob/0f56961/x/checkers/keeper/grpc_query_can_play_move.go#L79-L82]
    return &types.QueryCanPlayMoveResponse{
        Possible: true,
        Reason:   "ok",
    }, nil
    ```

## Interact via the CLI

A friendly reminder that the CLI can always inform you about the available commands:

<CodeGroup>
<CodeGroupItem title="Checkers" active>

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers --help
```

Which prints:

```
...
Available Commands:
  can-play-move    Query canPlayMove
...
```

</CodeGroupItem>

> <CodeGroupItem title="Can-play-move">

Author: ```suggestion
<CodeGroupItem title="Can play move">
```
It was in reference to the command used in the content below. But if it has to be capitalised, we might as well make it a sentence.

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move --help
```

Which prints:

```
...
Usage:
  checkersd query checkers can-play-move [idValue] [player] [fromX] [fromY] [toX] [toY] [flags]
...
```

</CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

---

You can test this query at any point in a game's life.

<CodeGroup>
<CodeGroupItem title="no game" active>

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 2048 red 1 2 2 3
```

Trying on a game that does not exist returns:

```
Error: rpc error: code = InvalidArgument desc = game by id not found: 2048: game by id not found: %s: invalid request
...
```

Confirm this was an error from the point of view of the executable:

```sh
$ echo $?
```

Which prints:

```
1
```

There is room to improve the error message. But at least you got an error, as expected.

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="bad color">

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers create-game $alice $bob 1000000 --from $alice -y
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 white 1 2 2 3
```

> Trying a bad color for the player on a game that exists returns:

Reviewer 2: A bad color? Is there a reason it is bad? Maybe go for an adjective that is less of an anthropomorphism.

> Trying a bad color for the player on a game that exists returns:

Author: ```suggestion
The player tried to play the wrong color on a game that exists. It returns:
```

```
possible: false
reason: 'message creator is not a player: white'
```

Good, a proper message response and the reason.

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="wrong turn">

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 red 0 5 1 4
```

The opponent trying to play out of turn returns:

```
possible: false
reason: 'player tried to play out of turn: red'
```

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="not your piece">

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 black 0 5 1 4
```

Black trying to play a red piece returns:

```
possible: false
reason: wrong move%!(EXTRA string=Not {red}s turn)
```

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="correct">

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 black 1 2 2 3
```

Black testing a correct move returns:

```
possible: true
reason: ok
```

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="must capture">

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 0 1 2 2 3 --from $bob -y
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 0 0 5 1 4 --from $alice -y
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 black 2 3 3 4
```

Black not capturing the mandatory red piece returns:

```
possible: false
reason: 'wrong move%!(EXTRA string=Invalid move: {2 3} to {3 4})'
```

> There is room to improve the reason given.

Reviewer 2: Why? In which way? Please elaborate.

> There is room to improve the reason given.

Author: ```suggestion
The reason given is understandable if not pleasant to read. For instance it lacks the reason why the move is invalid. There is room to improve the message.
```

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 black 1 2 2 3
```

Black testing a correct move returns:

```
possible: true
reason: ok
```

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="must capture">

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 0 1 2 2 3 --from $bob -y
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 0 0 5 1 4 --from $alice -y
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 0 black 2 3 3 4
```

Black not capturing the mandatory red piece returns:

```
possible: false
reason: 'wrong move%!(EXTRA string=Invalid move: {2 3} to {3 4})'
```

There is room to improve the reason given.

</CodeGroupItem>
<CodeGroupItem title="after forfeit">

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers create-game $alice $bob 1000000 --from $alice -y
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 1 1 2 2 3 --from $bob -y
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 1 0 5 1 4 --from $alice -y
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 1 black 2 3 0 5
```

Black trying to capture a red piece on a running game returns:

```
possible: true
reason: ok
```

Wait 5 minutes for the forfeit:

```sh
$ checkersd query checkers can-play-move 1 black 2 3 0 5
```

Now it returns:

```
possible: false
reason: game is already finished
```

</CodeGroupItem>
</CodeGroup>

> 

Author: @coldice I misused the `CodeGroup`. Thoughts?
